Half our way from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai, you're
watching the China show. I'm Ivon Man
with David.
>> Good morning. Let's get your top stories
today. China and the US touting progress
after a phone call between Presidents Xi
and Trump with a Tik Tok deal almost
finalizing the deals, the leaders rather
set to meet next month.
>> Asian stocks rise led by Japan after the
BOJ eases concerns over plans to offload
its massive ETF holdings. Now, investors
also weighing the fallout from Trump's
crackdown on a visa widely used by tech
firms. The move to slap a $100,000
application fee for H-1B visa sparking
uncertainty and also confusion.
>> And Hong Kong braces for super typhoon
Ragasa as it lashes the Philippines with
the city's airport now considering a
36-hour shutdown.
[Music]
We kick off with some breaking news that
LPR loan prime mates coming through some
some of these Chinese banks here this
morning and nothing to see here
unchanged for the one year and the 5year
here this morning. But yes, we're still
talking about though what could be
coming here which is some super typhoon
Dave.
>> Yeah, this is going to be consequential.
In fact, we are just learning that from
sources that the Hong Kong officials are
weighing a closure of the airport.
36-hour closure of the airport as that
super typhoon nears it right now
currently just above the Philippines. Of
course, we're feeling that there and we
are expecting to start feeling the
effects of the weather coming into
southern China also Hong Kong by this
time around this time tomorrow. Uh we
understand from weather officials a T1
wind signal will be hoisted as a
preeemption of course later at noon and
of course going into 8 to 10 p.m. today
T3 will be hoisted over the city as
well.
>> It seems like things could start
deteriorate here in Hong Kong around
Tuesday night. But you know you're
talking about what's they're seeing in
the Philippines already or what they're
bracing for. I mean they're talking
about sustained winds of 200 or more
kilometers an hour. So, uh, this storm,
as you take a look at the eye of it on
on websites and the like, is the eye of
the storm is going to hit straight at
the city the next 48 hours or so. So,
certainly, uh, this is going to be one
of our top stories here in the next few
days as well. But, yes, markets though,
of course, we're still talking about
lowval, right? Multiple asset classes
though
>> going into the I mean, it's almost this
juxtaposition with the lowval we're
seeing across the weather today before
things and hopefully it does remain the
case markets wise though that things
don't escalate from here. We are looking
at gains across the region here about a
3/10en of 1%. A lot of that is really
the lift coming through out of uh the
Japan Japanese market. Uh we're looking
at some weakness coming through in S&P
futures. Goldman in case you missed it
out on I think it was Friday early
Saturday Asia time raising their part
target for the S&P uh at 6800
uh over the next 3 months or so.
Commodity markets are seeing a bit of
upside as far as gold is concerned. We
are also looking at silver to the
upside. iron ore. It's also worth
pointing out 107. That now takes us back
to very near the peak a few weeks back,
which was effectively or is effectively
the highest level for iron ore prices in
about a year or so. Takes us into the
dollar and has come back ever so mildly
of course in the dollar, 1200 is now uh
perhaps the next level to watch here. I
think we're up for four or four sessions
going into today on the Bloomer Dollar
Index. ports that goes into then the fix
of the day should be very much focused.
Dollar China right now trading at about
or very near the weakest level in about
a week or so takes us into the futures
right now going into the session today.
So we're looking at all things casinos.
We're looking at automakers and of
course we're also looking at airlines
and travel related stocks given the news
flow we've gotten over the last few
hours or so. Just to reiterate re
reiterate it's Monday trouble getting
words out. Uh the breaking news, Hong
Kong airport weighing a 36-hour closure
as the super typhoon is nearing the
city.
>> Yeah, they're making some comparisons
that this this storm might be as strong
or this typhoon as as Manut back in
2018. If you remember back then 7 years
ago, it was a monster of a storm. So
certainly hope everyone stays safe and
really starts preparing for this the
next few days or so. But as you
mentioned, right, it is looking to be a
pretty busy week as well. You take a
look at what's in store for the week
ahead. uh we after the Fed, right?
There's going to be Powell plus I I
believe close to 17 or 18 Fed speakers
that'll be speaking this week as well.
So, more on the talk about where you
know rates are going to look like as
well. Of course, we end the week with
that PC inflation, the Fed's preferred
gauge as well. Tokyo CPI numbers as well
on Friday. But yes, there's plenty of
more on tap including the UN General
Assembly that begins this week as well.
We talk about the leadership race in
Japan that certainly is going to be a
big one this week as well, Dave.
>> Okay. Yeah. Uh so that's the week. We're
looking at the agenda as well for
greater China today. There's a briefing
that is scheduled today on uh some of
the updates as far as financial services
sector is concerned. He has some US
lawmakers in Beijing. Uh we talked about
the fix. We'll talk more about that
later. Of course, stocks to watch. Quai
of course is a big one today given of
course the regulatory scrutiny as far as
that's concerned. And yeah, we can talk
about the weather later. But yes, super
typhoon um is headed towards Hong Kong
and southern China. One to watch of
course going into uh the week ahead. All
right, let's talk about what happened
over the weekend of course with
President Trump saying that he will meet
with Xi Jinping next month on the
sidelines of the Apex summit in South
Korea. Now, it follows their Friday
phone call which Trump says delivered
progress towards finalizing a deal over
Tik Tok. Let's bring in our chief North
Asia correspondent David Engel on what
was achieved in this phone call.
>> Well, we have a lot more clarity
especially for my travel uh schedule
coming up as well. We know where he's
going to be and where he's going to meet
with Xinping. Uh, it was it going to be
on Azan or the sidelines of Azian? Was
it going to be on a side trip to Beijing
in between Azen and APEC or is it going
to be on the sidelines of APE? Well, now
we know according to Donald Trump uh
they will have a meeting on the
sidelines of APEC which the summit is uh
Halloween the 31st of October and
November 1st. Uh so that is clarity and
he also indicates that he's likely to
make a trip to China in the early part
of 2026. So again, clarity of schedule
and clarity of face tof face meeting.
They have not met face to face in this
second term of Donald Trump. They've had
several phone calls, including the one
uh just on Friday, which seemed pretty
cordial and sort of tick the box for
Donald Trump to achieve securing the
deal for Tik Tok. Who would have
guessed, Dave and Ivon, that this would
have been the lowest hanging fruit,
right? There's so many other contentious
issues with export controls, the
tariffs, uh, fentinel, uh, national
security, Taiwan, the war in Ukraine,
blah, blah, blah. Goes on and on and on,
but Tik Tok ended up being the deal that
they could seal. Well, it hasn't been
signed yet. The delay or the deadline
has been delayed yet again to December
16th to hammer out the details. This is
what we know. There'll be seven board
seats. Six of them will be by Americans
who will have national security and
cyber security clearance or credentials.
uh there will be a there'll be a
security committee that seventh board
member will be appointed by the Chinese
company parent company bite dance but
they will not have security clearance we
do know that Oracle uh will be providing
the security uh for the Americans data
uh that use this service so that's
important so data will stay in the hands
of American interests as well as the
algorithms
>> uh the next few days something we're
also tracking this week this is high
level congressional delegation.
>> Yes.
>> What are Yeah. What are we expecting
there?
>> This is the first high level house
delegation to go to China since 2019.
There was a Senate delegation led by
Chuck Schumer a couple of years ago, but
this is important because of the
sensitivity of the USChina relationship
right now. I would not go as far to say
that this is a repro right now, but they
are at least meeting and they're
talking. The two leaders are talking.
and Li Chong, the premier, met this
delegation at the Great Hall of the
People shortly after they arrived
yesterday. So, that is a good sign. Lie
Chong calling it an icebreaking trip for
to better their ties. Uh Smith, who's
the Adam Smith, he's the former um Armed
Services Committee chair. He's a
Democrat, by the way. He's leading the
delegation. He agreed. He echoed with
Lee Chong sentiment that it's sort of an
icebreaking trip. And he says China and
the US need to peacefully coexist. He
did though separately highlight he's
concerned, highly concerned about the
lack or the the little amount of
militarytoilitary dialogue, but that's
been uh been going on for a long time.
There's very little miltomill dialogue
right now, but he's concerned by that.
>> Steve, thank you so much. Stephen Angle
there on the latest as far as
geopolitics is concerned. News never
sleeps over the weekend. Certainly on
top of that, on top of the weather, on
top of these markets, there's also of
course a big announcement coming
throughout the White House here.
President Trump planning to impose a
$100,000 fee on H-1B visa program. It is
triggering of course confusion uh for
corporate America and for of course the
workers here. We'll get to the graphic
in a moment, but the White House
certainly says restrictions and fees
that go into effect today only apply to
new visas. As you can see here, India,
you have China are by far the biggest
sources of workers granted uh H1B visas
of course. Now that that changes also
affect big company that certainly
relying as you can see some of the big
names might look familiar to you quite
heavily on the program to bring in
skilled workers into the United States.
Now they're now trying to assess the
impact on their recruitment plans. Ivon.
>> Yep. As you mentioned there a lot of
those that have that H1B are from this
part of the world and also from big tech
companies around the world as well.
Let's bring our tech reporter Nie
Pernell. He's with us now to break down
the story on really just the confusion
and chaos it's really sparked. Yeah,
it's a big deal because there are so
many of these workers already in the US
and also as you see from the chart so
many companies not just big US tech
companies but look number two on the
list we saw TCS topic consultancy
services India's biggest outsourcing
firm by revenue every year they want to
send lots of people to the US to um
service clients there they want to work
on site they need to interface with
clients um and and so the business
models of many of these um big Indian IT
services firms really depend on these
visas. They want their workers to be in
the US. So a big deal for not just the
Amazons and Microsofts and Googles who
use these visas to bring people not from
all over the world, not just India to to
the US to hire uh for jobs that they say
they can't find Americans to do, but big
deal for these Indian IT services firms
as well.
>> The I mean the immediate reaction was
understandably looking at the the
potential negative effects. What is it
me what is what is it designed to
achieve though on the part of the White
House? What did they say this was for?
>> Yeah, it's it's a it's a big grand. You
see the vision remaking the immigration
system and and these visas have been
polarizing for a long time because the
critics of the program have said have
said it's broken. It's supposed to be
used by US tech companies or other
companies to to employ people who can't
do jobs they can't find Americans to do.
People have said for a long time these
Indian IT services firms are abusing the
program by sending workers in that they
could find Americans to do jobs for, but
they don't. And so, um, what we see now
with these the price tags on the
so-called gold card, the platinum card,
I think it's the Trump administration
saying, "Look, if you're a foreigner and
you have means, we're happy to entertain
you to come work in America. But if
you're uh working for an Indian IT
services firm or you're working for a
big US tech company and we think maybe
there actually are Americans who can do
those jobs, it's going to be a lot
tougher."
>> Yeah. Uh, Neie, thank you. Pornella, our
tech reporter, and and we heard over the
weekend some companies saying, you know,
telling their employees that have these
visas either, you know, delay any travel
plans or if you're out, please come back
as soon as possible because there's just
so much uncertainty right now, right?
>> Confusion to the point you're making
there. Okay. I mean, well, this is
really part and parcel to, you know, the
overall geopolitical conversation we're
having of course the next few days or
so. Uh coming up here, in fact, we'll
talk more about what this means
specifically, of course, on what Steve
just mentioned here as far as the Tik
Tok and the upcoming meeting is
concerned with the Council of Foreign
Relations. Uh Chong Yen Zoe Leo will be
joining us, of course, coming through
and she's going to explain why she
thinks Beijing has not given an
unconditional green light to Trump's Tik
Tok plans. And also, of course, back to
the weather. Um, so as far as the
weather signal goes here, strong si
strong strong wind signal, typhoon level
3 hoisted 8 to 10 p.m. today. What we're
also learning is this airport closure
that they're mulling.
>> Yep. They're looking at possibly doing
that. So, you know, in terms of flight
cancellations and the like, we have to
continue to track that for for all the
viewers out there. We're kind of on the
opens of trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen,
and Hong Kong. This is the China Show.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. Okay, a lot of
breaking news uh to tell you about
Samsung electronics up 5% in Korea and
should I say finally here getting the
nod here. These are reports of Nvidia as
far as that HBM business that they were
vying for and people were talking about
that as far as weeks and months back
here. Uh so shares are up 5% on the back
of that report that it did get of course
that not out of Nvidia. We'll look more
at more details once we have more
information on this of course.
>> Yep. Does this help in terms of that
whole competition with SKH is the big
question.
>> Yeah. Let's get more on our top story
here right now. President Trump saying
that he will meet Xi Jinping next month
on the sidelines of the Apex summit in
South Korea and it follows their Friday
phone call which Trump says delivered
progress towards finalizing a deal over
Tik Tok. Let's bring in Jungy and Zoe
Lou, senior fellow for China studies at
the Council on Foreign Relations. Zoe,
it's great to have you on the program.
Um, obviously it seems like we ended
this phone call on a very positive note.
They're going to meet again at APE that
seems to be close to being confirmed in
some ways. In terms of the readouts
though from both sides,
>> what was sort of the tone that was
really struck and what what what could
we make out of it?
>> I think the Chinese side of the tone,
the Chinese the read out of the Chinese
tone is that three words pragmatic,
positive and constructive. So overall
that is positive but then at the same
time the Chinese radars also warned
against US uh taking any type of
unilateral restrictive measures because
as uh the Chinese side the Chinese
readout says those measures would risk
damaging uh progress hard achieved
progress after rounds of negotiations.
So for me um this is an interesting but
slightly awkward way um by the Chinese
side to on the one hand acknowledge
limited progress but then at the same
time also signaling China's
unwillingness to make unconditional uh
compromises.
Zoe David here. I mean, it certainly
looks like we are closer than we've ever
been on a deal for Tik Tok, but just
help us understand what the risks are
still as we as we look ahead to perhaps
a signature as far as the Tik Tok deal
is concerned here.
>> David, I think you are right. there is
still risk although uh I think a lot of
western media reported that Trump says
US and China uh quote approve the Tik
Tok deal and uh in his social media post
he also used the word approval. Um but I
think there are a lot of ambiguities
both uh on the Chinese side and even in
Trump's post because he did say uh that
the the both sides made progress on a
lot of important issues including um a
lot of things they the approval of the
Tik Tok deal. And then on the Chinese
side they never used the term u
approved. Instead, the Chinese readout
says, well, you know, while the two
sides continue business negotiations,
um, market rules and balanced interests
need must be considered. And on top of
that, the Chinese readout did emphasize
that any type of deal must comply with
the Chinese laws and regulations. So to
me this readout seems to show that China
want even if there is a deal China
wanted to make sure that the deal must
exercise with Chinese rules and Chinese
regulations and by the way Tik Tok's as
far as I concerned its core asset
meaning its algorithm computational or
recommendational algorithm those are
still falls under uh Chinese mineral
science and techn technologies list of
restricted technology for export. So
there are still a lot of uncertainties.
David, you're right.
>> Zoe, does this Tik Tok to the fact that
this was put as a priority and the top
of the list in this call is quite
telling, right? Do you think that this
potential deal is in some ways a one-off
or are we setting the path forward on
how companies and these two countries
are going to have to work together and
really in order for them to actually do
business together? I mean it's sort of a
framework that's being said.
>> I mean you want the point the point
about doing business or for that how
corporate behavior uh should should be
considered going forward. That's really
is the core issue and if you ask me to
what extent Chinese leaders actually
cares about a private company uh such as
Tik Tok uh in my view there has there
seems to be track record or precedent
such as uh Ant Finance or or Alibaba
seems to signal that the party would not
necessarily
um would not necessarily care too much
about a p a private company if that
company's behavior or some corporate
executive behavior might end up hurting
the party's interest. Now in this
particular case, it's interesting that
perhaps for the very first time, a
Chinese company became a bargaining chip
in USChina relationship. So from that
perspective, I'd say going forward, any
company that could potentially fall or
find itself trapped in between the two
countries uh might have little leverage
to execute on its own, but instead would
have to either subject to uh one side of
the law or the other. But in case where
the ch in cases where compliance of both
sides is almost impossible that
basically means company would have no
choice but a truth side.
>> Zoe let me let me just quote from your
notes here. It it it seems to me you say
that Trump does not care too much about
Taiwan. Was this Tik Tok for Taiwan?
That's an interesting part in the sense
that um there have been a lot of a lot
of um a lot of um I guess rumors or or
or Washington insiders seems to float
different ideas to what extent there is
a grand bargain. To what extent the
grand bargain may not necessarily be
there because the administration seems
to be uh walking without a a script. But
to my uh in my assessment given uh how
Trump managed the uh Ukraine Russia
situation especially uh having a stake
in Ukraine's critical mineral transa
critical mineral critical mineral mines
and given that President Trump seems to
be uh not shy of taking a share or even
golden share in American companies or
foreign companies. So from this
perspective, anything is up for
negotiation and if it means that there
can be a um a a discussion or a
negotiation involve the shares of Tik
Tok, shares of TSMC uh or the status of
Taiwan, I I'm afraid that the risk of
Trump jumping at the deal um which is
against America's foreign policy uh
tradition, uh that risk is still there.
Yeah, Zoe, we got to leave it there, but
thank you so much. Zoe Louu there,
senior fellow for China studies at
Council on Foreign Relations. In terms
of your pre-market here right now, we
are continuing to see maybe a little bit
of downside. Remy Profit taking once
again here in Hong Kong. Uh we are
seeing that rent reference rate at 711,
but we did briefly dip below 711 or 710
uh that handle on the offshore rate here
just last week. So certainly one to
watch in terms of the strength of the
currency as well. And we have ant to
deal with here today.
>> Yeah. Well, well, the company
apologizing well okay the a brand of ant
one of the brands of ant apologized and
pledge remedial actions of course on the
back of this backlash and we'll unpack
this because it's a bit more complicated
than uh what what the headline suggests
uh triggering a backlash in a government
investigation. The company's apologizing
and they'll say they will make remedial
efforts. More on this in a moment. Stock
is down though initially 5% in the
pre-markets. Plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, some sauce to watch at the
open as way as Qua show here today on
the back of what regulators have warned
against these two companies over content
violations. So there you go. 6% drop
when it comes to Quao. Waybo has
unchanged here this morning and we are
seeing a bit of downside when it comes
to Alibaba too.
>> Yeah, just to mention as well our folks
at Bloomberg uh intelligence have come
out and basically said you know this
isn't uh so if you think about how how
much this permeates into across other
names in the sector they're saying don't
worry about it tensen and Alibaba
specifically are not affected directly
by
>> by the rulings but of course we'll see
what the market makes of that initially.
Of course we are seeing already markets
already looking at that as well. City
has also talked about this Quaishow deal
saying that look this action will have
limited impacts towards Quaisho's
operations and financials but still
unsure of the potential impact this
investigation could have at the current
stage. Maybe that's why the knee-jerk
reaction is now to sell on terms of the
pre-market here today. So you are seeing
some of these big cap tech stocks really
kind of falling quite a bit here today.
Ant sports we talked to you about over
those Arturx fireworks that cause a lot
of backlash on social media. So we are
seeing generally speaking red arrows
here across the board.
>> Yeah, hanging it's down about uh 3/10en
of 1% and of course just to update to
this Bloomberg scoop that among the many
things given this typhoon that's
approaching the city to Hong Kong is
considering closing the airport for 36
hours. More on this in a moment plus the
open. You're watching the China show.
Good morning.
[Music]
Good morning. This live shot of the
harbor here in Hong Kong might just be
the last blue skyed one over the next,
let's call it
3 or 4 days or so as this massive super
typhoon is barreling towards the city.
It's currently up over the northern
Philippines affecting certainly weather
there already. And we are expecting this
to come and really make itself felt in
the late hours of tomorrow, early
Wednesday. And this one is a massive one
and we're already getting some
comparisons with some of the super
typhoons of years past. And we are
considering of course this is the scoop
uh Ivon Hong Kong is considering closing
the airport for 36 hours.
>> Yeah. Manut everyone remembers back in
2018 might be as monster of a storm as
this. And so the fact that the
government has been quite front-facing
in all this and really letting people
know over the weekend to kind of prepare
for this in the next few days, the next
72 hours might actually get pretty uh
ugly out there. So right now though, as
you say, it's blue skies right now.
Perhaps it's the calm before the storm
and we certainly are seeing volatility
when it comes to these markets as well.
Basically, it's been pretty quiet out
there, right? So obviously coming
through from the weekend, it's this
phone call between Presidents Trump and
she that seems to be helping sentiment
still and we are still seeing some
decent gains on the onore market here
today. We're just above that 4500 level
for CSI 300 as well and we're watching
very closely what goes on uh in Hong
Kong just given the the the the typhoon
concerns and the like here. Shai
composite is close to being just
slightly upside here today. Iron ore is
catching a bid. Shanghai crude head head
in the opposite direction, but you are
seeing some of these big caps like CLA
shares are up about 1% here as well.
Let's have the boards and talk about how
Hong Kong is doing because it seems like
this China tech sort of rally take a bit
of a pause button here today. Uh we
talked about when it came to qua show
waybo. We'll get to that in just a
second here. But Alibaba shares, there
you go. We're down about 9/10 of 1%.
Perhaps it is a bit of profit taking
that we're seeing given this massive
rally that we've seen across the tech
shares here. May is once again down
about 1.3%. Xiaomi is also down 1% or
more. Uh, dollar China, we we're I think
we're approaching some of the strongest
levels we've seen basically all year. We
briefly touched that 710 handle. So, the
big thing is are we getting into a new
trading range of 7 to 710. That
certainly is one thing to watch for the
currency as well. So, the boards, there
you go. HStech is down some 1%. Right.
So, we mentioned the big ones today.
It's really about quiet shows about way
right. So the internet regulator has
talked about content violations for
these two specific companies here. Is
there a concern now of maybe of a wider
crackdown on Chinese tech? I think
Bloomberg Intelligence has really kind
of tried to say no, maybe not. Maybe
this is very company specific at the
moment. Queso is down some 5%. BYD
meanwhile that CNBC reporting that
Bergkshire Hathaway has also uh sold out
when it comes to their their holdings of
BYD. So that exit from that company
sucked down some 2% uh and and to
sports. This is a very interesting one.
Social media has been talking about this
Artrex fireworks that was happening in
Tibet that triggered backlash. The
company has also uh come through and
apologized amidst now there is a pro
from the government as well. But yes,
there were concerns about the overall
environmental impact of this fireworks
show.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Let's see what happens with
that. I mean for from an investor
standpoint of course maybe not so much
in BYD but the others those stocks have
done very very well if you're looking
for an entry point just look at the news
flow and have a look at these prices
right uh we're taking a step back right
I think we're up three straight weeks on
this Chinese equity market rally
certainly succeeding weeks before before
that have also pointed to this uptrend
right this liquidity driven the dry
powder specific rally that we've seen so
how much money sitting in household
savings right that's the big number for
you not to say that everything's going
to go into the market because that's a
separate problem if that that does
happen, but it certainly underscores the
dry powder and how underweight Chinese
households are as it pertains to equity
market exposure. In fact, we've started
to see already somewhat of a shift this
year there. Right? So, what we've done
is we've put this same number, we put
that on a chart that's in remmbb that
takes you back to that takes you to
about 160 trillion rem. What the bottom
shows you is the monthly change in
non-bank FI accounts. So non non-banking
financial instit in institution account
largely market accounts. It's unclear
whether that's purely equity or other
asset classes. But as you can see right
five out of the eight months going into
August this year has already seen a
pickup and a substantial pickup compared
to recent years right this switch that
we're seeing Ivonne out of bank deposits
into financial markets. It's really
coming at a time when I guess there's
very little alternative out there to
really deploy your money.
>> Yeah. and and where is that water
buffalo going? Right, we talk about
yeah, it could be the equity market, but
where where other asset classes could
that money be coming into? And we've
kind of kind of ruled out, right? We've
checked out some of the places maybe
possibly wouldn't go. One place probably
is the the the property market, but
people say no, right? Because we talk
about how these, you know, home prices
have been. This is sort of the median
used home prices. They basically have h
haved since the peak. So would you put
your money in the property market here
right now given that we haven't seen
signs of recovery? I think we saw only a
few months of that after we saw that
stimulus towards the late end of last
year. But since then we have seen still
this property market trying to find a
bottom of some sort here. So maybe not
the property market. What about wealth
management products?
>> Well, possibly no because take a look at
the returns on that. Yields have also
been heading lower here uh in the last
three months or so. So we're hitting
around what just slightly above 2%. And
it's pretty much the same when you take
a look at cash, for example, used to be
king in a nation full of savers. But
take a look if you want to put your
money in a 5-year account now from some
of the largest banks. Returns are what
just north of 1%. Same goes for money
market funds in China too, Dave.
>> Yeah. So, you know, here's another
alternative, I guess, which is gold,
right? And it's like we're almost
stating the obvious as it pertains to
gold. So gold again in remmbb and we've
done at the bottom of the screen is
really just track the total return on
one if you put that from 2020 and of
course on a yearly basis you're
resetting where we are here right so
we're coming off 20% in 2023 we're going
into 30% in 2024 and we're barely into
well we haven't even got to the fourth
quarter of this year we're already at
40% as far as a return on gold is
concerned right so what does it tell you
momentum stocks gold not so much
property not so much money markets But
again, those things could flip quite
obviously if you want to read more about
of course what we just talked about
here. It's a taking stock piece for our
blooper cluts. But yes, let's continue
the conversation, Ivon, on these
markets.
>> Yep. Okay. Our next guest quite
perfectly has been running a report
about this.
>> He thinks this China stock rally may
actually now be shifting from Tina to
FOMO. Joining us now is Yang Wang, chief
EM and China strategist at Alpine Macro.
Yang, it's great to have you back on the
program. It's been a while. Um so Tina
to FOMO tell us you know why do you
think that this rally still has some
legs?
I think uh Dave and you you guys made a
very compelling case about Tina, right?
So, you know, risk-f free reading China
is in the free fall. Uh property market
has been in the free fall. Gold has has
been on fire. So, you know, stocks until
very recently was very very quiet and
very cheap. So, I think that's the kind
of the the tin of moment. Everything
else has become quite expensive or
uninvestable. So stocks are kind of the
by default is the best investment
vehicle and especially a lot of very
high quality uh blue chip names their
dividend yields are higher like multiple
times higher than uh than risk-f free
rate right so I think I think that's the
starting point of the rally and then uh
eventually we're going to like you know
if we watch Chinese stock market um uh
because of this very you know a lot of
excess savings in households when the
market gets going the market can go
really go uh to insane levels in an
insane speed. So that's the the fear of
missing out moment if you know the
market gets going and then a lot of
liquidity just chase into this uh this
rally. So I think that will be the
second phase of of the uh of the the
bull market but ideally you want to see
economic fundamentals to support to
support that level to support that kind
of bull market. So I think my my thesis
of the bull market would be uh you would
have some kind of improvement in the
economy and on top of that policy
setting is very easy it's very
accommodative so then that's where you
have the earnings improvement on top of
that you have multiple expansion so I
think that's the fundamental case um
yeah so I think that's why overall I do
not believe uh you obviously the market
has gone up from the bottom by quite a
significant amount right so you know the
Asia market is up over 50%. The uh uh
the MSCI China is up almost 80 90% from
from last year's bottom. So I think
there's a lot of profits to be taken. Um
so here likely we're going to see a
period of uh um uh digestion from here,
but I don't I don't think the bull
market is is over.
>> I I mean yeah I mean wouldn't be
surprised there's some level of
consolidation is is on the cards. uh I
mean to your point we have more than me
mean reverted. Uh I want to ask you in
North America how is the narrative being
resonate the bull market here? I mean
are long only patient money uh foreign
funds also feeling this fear of missing
out or is that a separate conversation?
>> Well I think we are beginning to see
more interests in talking about Chinese
equities. Right. In the past couple
years people were just not interested at
all. you know even uh some investors
they were interested in investing
Chinese stocks they they they saw the
value uh um but they were concerned
about the uh reputational risk you know
they don't want to they didn't want to
be seen as investing in China where you
know China and US were in engaging in
this kind of you know strategic
rivalries I think I think that uh has
slowly changing I think probably because
of you know because of President Trump
uh his attitude towards China is a lot
less hostile toward compared with uh the
previous administration. So I I see um
North American investors are becoming a
bit more interested in the stock market.
Uh and on top of that obviously you know
the market has gone up. So you know it's
such a big part of global equity market
you can't always end with such a big
part if this part is outperforming
right. So I think there is an element of
formal but I think also there is just
this kind of subtle shift in uh
investors perception about the
investability of Chinese equities.
>> H um
>> it it seems like there's just a lot of
lack of concerns out there. I mean I'm
taking a look at just multiple asset
classes around the world are just
dealing with Lval
>> right now. In terms of China though, is
there anything you see in in the horizon
the next three or six months that could
actually end this rally?
>> Well, that's not my uh that's not my uh
um expectation. You know, I I still see
more upside from the uh uh going
forward. Uh but to me, I think the
biggest risk would be uh as I said, you
know, there's two pillars in my positive
thesis on Chinese stocks. one is we have
a mild rec growth recovery and that that
is supporting uh earnings improvements.
So I I'm a bit concerned you know the
the most recent Chinese data have been
disappointing across the board right so
in retail sales production uh
investments they all uh a surprise to to
the negative side so I think that's kind
of challenges my thesis that the economy
is still in this kind of recovery phase
you know earnings will continue to
expand so I think that will be my my
biggest uh uh concern or kind of risk
scenario uh but to offset that I expect
Beijing to to continue to to ease policy
to revive uh try to revive uh the uh
growth momentum because you know we know
deflation in China is still very well
entrenched. Labor market is still very
very challenging. So I think these are
really the core challenges that Beijing
has to deal with. You know GDP growth 5%
it's not really that important. What's
important is really the unemployment
problem especially among the young
people. I think that's why I would
expect Beijing to continue to to ease
policy.
>> The
you know it's a bull market when there's
so many metrics that we're we we watch
out for and trying to measure you know
signs of exuberance what have you what
to you is the best leading indicator
right now could be anything on this
Chinese market. Uh well I think I think
the fact that you are asking this
question is a is a is a sign that we're
not at that level right so people are
still questioning the rally people are
still you know uh trying to to uh to see
whether you know we should uh we should
jump in at this moment I think I think
that's like you know we if we follow
news flow you know obviously we watch
transaction volume all these kind of
margin transactions those kind of things
they have gone up but they there are not
nearly as high as previous peaks. So I
think by those measures we don't see a
lot of speculative access but also I
think I we can still see a lot of kind
of suspicion about the rally so I so
that's why I think we're not there yet
at the peak nobody questions the the
rally people just jump in
>> Yen Wang thank you so much sir it's nice
to speak with you again let's do this
again quite soon Wong there chief EM and
China strategist at Alpine Macro coming
up Hong Kong bracing for a Super
Typhoon. The details are just ahead.
Cathy Pacific and that hotline is
probably blowing up right now given all
the news flow and all these flights that
are likely to get affected these next
few days or so. Plenty more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, we're on storm watch here
today. Hong Kong and the Philippines are
bracing for super typhoon Ragasa. The
storm is threatening crops and prompting
calls for evacuations in the
Philippines. You see that eye of the
storm right there? Yeah, it's heading
straight at us and after that it's going
to head towards southern China. Right.
So, Hong Kong's weather bureau may issue
that T3 strong wind warning on Monday
night here today with the full impact
expected on Wednesday. Hey Dave, gives
us a few days, I guess, to let it sink
in that we got to prepare.
>> Yeah, if not already. Um,
>> oh, I already went and did my grocery
run on over the weekend. Had to.
>> Okay, clearly it was busy.
>> I have it. Okay, that's a that that's a
good Well, I guess I'll go hungry. Uh,
let's bring in our team right now. Uh,
so we're talking about logistics and
everything that could be affected.
Safety certainly.
>> Uh, we just learned that Hong Kong
International Airport is considering
grounding all passenger flights for 36
hours. Our team is here of course with
us uh China weather reporter Mary Hay
and of course Dan Lee our Asia aviation
and transport reporter. Mary let me
start with you. Put this put this
typhoon into context. We get several
typhoons hitting Hong Kong, southern
China every year. How is this one
different?
>> It's been a particularly busy storm
season. We've had 11 tropical cyclones
affect Hong Kong since January this
year. And that's the highest number
since 1946. So eight decades, right? Um
that that's a pretty high record and it
just speaks to the warm sea surface
temperatures really fueling these storms
and then send them send sending them our
way which um as they've picked up
additional energy through the waters
across the waters it really just ramps
up that power um as it arrives and
approaches Hong Kong.
>> Danny 36 hours seems a long time. Have
we seen something like this before?
We've never seen such a prolonged
closure of Hong Kong airport, you know,
given it such a major aviation hub
globally, intricate to passengers coming
from all parts of the world. So, the
last time we had such a big closure was
in 2018 when we had the airport closed
for uh 26 hours. So, this would be
unprecedented by any stretch,
particularly since the airport opened
well over 20 odd years ago.
>> Okay. Um, what kind of uh preparations
are is is is Hong Kong now not putting
in place?
>> Why shopping over the weekend? Stock up
my freezer.
>> If you need to be a weather reporter, I
think you have to, right?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. And otherwise, you
know, people will be sticking masking
tape over their windows. I think um the
electric grid widely debated masking
tape over over the window.
>> Exactly. So let me just bring up a very
good piece that you wrote a few weeks
ago that you know certainly weather is
something that we contend with
consistently in Hong Kong
>> and Hong Kong's been pouring resources
into it being able to manage disruptive
weather whether that's in the market
side you know you know we can not we're
not trading across these markets uh
agnostic to what the typhoon signal is
but also on flooding and some of the
mitigating factors that they have put in
place just give us some context there.
Yeah. So, as we expect to see over the
coming decades, right, um increasingly
strong storms and and rainfall amounts.
Hong Kong's really poured in a lot of um
investment into building up a really
resilient infrastructure. But
increasingly, we'll see storms that
really exceed what the system is built
for. And so, really just kind of adding
additional measures on the margins to
ensure that we can kind of bounce back
from any flash floods. And so, really
clearing the drains, right? the drainage
services department is putting um
putting in all these additional measures
to make sure that when fl uh floods hit
we can clear them quickly. It
>> it seems like these storms as you
mentioned 11 already right this year it
seems like it's happening more often
than you you probably speaking to a lot
of weather experts meteorologists out
there. Why why is this happening?
>> Um you know in in the the general
pattern right would be the increased
temperatures globally that's
supercharging the water cycle. Uh a
general metric would be uh each
additional centigrade of warming will
add another 7% of um water vapor in the
air and that just dumps more and more
rain um uh uh as as storms move along.
So that's one thing and then two is just
wilder weather patterns as we push the
world into uncharted territory.
>> Yeah. Danny, what are what are airlines
doing now? What are you what have you
been hearing?
>> So airlines are planning to they're
encouraging passengers to move their
bookings either forward or deferring
their travel. So they're waving all kind
of penalties and fees at the moment for
between the 23rd and until the 25th. So
you know given the wide band that
airlines are expecting the level of
disruption and also the airport as well.
It kind of signifies this monster storm
that is coming and looming. So uh yeah
it's definitely good to be prepared. I'm
prepared by booking my own hotel during
the typhoon. So all prepared in
different ways.
>> Okay. Yeah. Just to also mention we're
all over the story. Our folks at
Bloomberg Intelligence have now put out
a reporter that this typhoon can be
likely could be the costliest since man
back in 2018. Thank you so much Mary Hu
there and of course Daniel Lee. Uh we've
got this thing covered for you get you
more updates as we do have get more
information on this. If you are one of
our subscribers you can rewatch this
specific segment they just saw on the
interactive TV function and also become
part of the conversation and yeah do
send us any queries that you might have
of course as we try and just understand
what the impact is going to be. It's
rare we spend too much time in the
weather, but of course this one seems to
be like a massive one that's hitting the
city too soon.
>> Raasa, right? Filipino word, rapid and
fast motion.
>> Yeah, it's it the connotation it's going
to roll over things. Yes.
>> Really fits the the what could come. Um
yeah, plenty more to hit. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Some other corporate news this morning.
Seven Tesla owners in China who
purchased the full full self-driving
system have filed fraud lawsuits against
the automaker against the automaker in
August. This is according to the Beijing
news reports. Now the case is awaiting
first trial at a local court in Beijing
city. Now, this is the first time
Chinese car owners filed lawsuits
against Tesla over the FSD feature and
believe that Tesla may have defrauded
customers. Chinese robo taxi operators
Ride and Pony AI are partnering with
local companies to expand in Singapore.
They've chosen one of the world's best
map cities as a first stop for
driverless ride hailing in Southeast
Asia. Singapore's Grab has also joined
Wii ride in plans to offer autonomous
vehicles along two approved routes by
early next year. The former CEO of New
World Development is making a bet on
digital assets. Adrien Chang has
launched Almad or Almad Group in Hong
Kong, a company that plans to explore
investments in a range of blockchain
related technologies. Chang resigned as
new world chief last year following the
company's first annual loss in two
decades. All right, welcome back as we
look at these markets right now. So, u a
lot of individual movers. We'll start
things off here with Samsung, not so
much in China, but this is certainly a
big story. And this reports out of I
think it's the information um reporting
that um
>> yeah, I mean you can read the the
graphic at the bottom of the screens
quite literally that's what it says. So,
uh we're looking at this nod coming out
of Invinci as far as HBM is concerned. I
mean Samsung moves that tends to move
the market quite a bit and broadening
the conversation out with this
competitive dynamic between Samsung and
of course SK highix which has of course
caught up in a very big way as far as
the not just waiting on this the Cosby
is concerned but also around the AI
story. Um other things that we're
tracking here quaishu of course on the
back of some regulatory
issues that we talked about this earlier
on and some issues around the content
there out of the company and to sports.
Everyone knows more about this story but
yeah these this is the the backlash on
the fireworks story one of its brands of
course
>> our tricks right so it happened in Tibet
and it really kind of stirred quite a
bit of of protest on social media so the
company has come forward and apologized
but we believe there is a government
probe around the whole event itself. So
we are seeing Antto Sports the group
there falling but Lux Share as well
that's a big one announcing a
partnership with Open AI Jeffre also
just raising a target for Lux share on
solid demand the stock up some 10% play
more to come in the next hour this is
Bloomberg
[Music]
Oh, yeah. It looks like it's blue skies
here right now, Dave. But yeah, I think
we're about to get uh pretty maybe
pretty maybe troubling the next few days
or so.
>> Enjoy it while it lasts.
>> Enjoy it while it lasts. I think today,
maybe parts of tomorrow, you have some
time to really kind of enjoy the
outdoors maybe. But I think, you know,
typhoons are already signals already up
for most part. But yeah, time to stock
up maybe before even this big one
headline, right? The airport even
considering shutting it down the airport
for 36 hours, which is the longest on
record.
>> Yeah, this this might sound obviously
very anecdotal. This is my experience,
right? So, usually, you know how I go on
runs very early in the morning, right?
So, this morning I actually went on a a
run at 3:30 in the morning and usually
there's at most a handful of people out.
>> Yeah.
>> Today was especially busy. I run into at
least I would say 10 15 people because
people are taking advantage of this
window and getting whatever exercise
they
>> they need to do out the window before
this thing shuts everything.
>> Good city here in the city.
>> I went on a grocery run. Okay. Okay. Not
not not an outdoor run.
>> Well,
>> I clearly haven't done that, so I'm
going to I'm going to crash in your
couch and just, you know, mooch up the
man household resources. And
>> you know what? Yeah, we can hunker down
in my house. Okay. Um, but certainly it
this is going to be certainly want to
watch the next 72 hours or so. We talked
already about, you know, Cath Pacific is
has already been trying to tell people
if you want to change your flight, it's
going to be for free, right? Because the
amount of traffic and then like it's
going to be quite uh troubling here in
terms of cancellations, right? So people
are talking about T8, even T10.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. And really bringing back to
comparisons of manut back in 2017.
>> The
>> if you remember that long ago.
>> Oh yeah. I mean who could forgot
buildings were shaking. I remember that
buildings were shaking back then. And
>> um the for people who were looking to
change their flights, people changed
their phones. That's the pivot I'm
getting at here as far as the Apple.
There's no other rate to pivot here. But
yes, I think 17 is out.
>> Is it 17? Okay. It's almost as many as
the the Fast and Furious movies. But
yeah, 17 was out on the weekend. There
were a couple of lines, some long lines
actually out in some stories here. I I
saw that. But yes, Apple suppliers.
There we go
>> on your screens. The the luxur story is
a different one because this is actually
and I have to correct myself. The
information was the one that reported on
Lux Share. It was a daily that reported
on Samsung. So, uh information is
reporting that uh this partnership
between Luxray and Open AI, I believe.
Yes. That's what's leading to that one
going up double digits today.
>> Yeah. Jeffrey's coming through with an
upgrade on the price target. So
certainly that's one to watch for Lux
share within the Apple supplier space as
well. Uh but you take a look at what's
going on across I mean multiple asset
classes. V is very low. It's almost like
there's nothing to see here, right? And
that's despite the fact that you know we
had the BOJ with the Fed last week. We
also have Powell speaking this week as
well along with I think 17 other Fed
officials. So uh it's quite telling,
right? But we're also seeing gold tick
just slightly higher, right? Uh when it
comes to gold here, silver seems to be
doing more of it, right? We're up about
1.5% here right now. So yes, there still
maybe is that
>> reason to hold gold right now amidst all
this low vol.
>> Yeah. What's the best performing asset
class alternatives uh this year? Okay.
Um the so we're coming off this
conversation this phone call which was
according to President Trump almost two
hours between the two presidents. Uh and
of course looking forward President
Trump says he will be meeting with
President Chinese President Xi Jinping
next month on the sidelines of the apex
summit in South Korea. Now it follows
certainly their phone call we alluded to
just now uh which then Trump says
delivered progress in terms of
finalizing a deal over Tik Tok. Now
earlier on about an hour back we spoke
with a Council of Foreign Relations and
they actually don't think it's it's as
done deal as we actually think it is.
Have have a look.
>> To me this readout seems to show that
China want even if there is a deal China
wanted to make sure that the deal must
exercise with Chinese rules and Chinese
regulations. And by the way, Tik Tok's
as far as I concerned its core asset
meaning its algorithm computational or
recommendational algorithm those are
still falls under uh Chinese ministry of
science and techn technologies list of
restricted technology for export. So
there is still a lot of uncertainties.
Let's bring in our chief Noria
correspondent Stephen Engel on yeah what
what we heard and yeah maybe perhaps not
so much a done deal on the Chinese side
when it comes to what you're
>> saying is I got a chance right that's
that reference obviously to very small
chance but there is a chance that this
does fall apart again okay because this
has been long delayed fits and starts it
is something that Donald Trump wants to
get completed uh we were talking last
hour about how this might have been
actually considered a lowhanging fruit
given the big difficulties
that lay ahead of the USChina
relationship. Um, so I thought it was
sort of too easy to explain that America
will get six or seven board seats.
That's what the Trump administration is
saying. Uh, the algorithms will stay in
US control. Uh, the essentially the six
out of seven board members will be
Americans. uh as and the consortium of
owners will be Oracle uh Andre and
Horowitz uh Silverlake Management uh and
Trump saying quote unquote they will
have very tight control over this app.
Now again I think between now and the
new deadline for the devesture of
Chinese ownership in this US app of Tik
Tok is December 16th. So I think we're
going to still see a lot of possible
movement. We're going to we need more
detail as well out of how the Chinese
are reading this cuz I've gone back and
seen what they've they've said about
this. It's a little bit different than
what the Trump administration uh Carolyn
Levit and Trump himself is saying.
They're essentially saying they hope
that uh this dialogue will lead to
America upholding its commitments and
promises. I'm paraphrasing. Uh but again
I think what China is a little gunshy to
come out and say it is a done deal
because they've been burned in the past
by promises uh taken back right. So I
think we need a little bit a little bit
of wait and see on this. Uh one thing we
do have clarity on well at least what
the Trump administration is saying he
will meet Xiinping on the sidelines of
APEC uh which would be the end of next
month Halloween the 31st as well as the
1st of November.
There's a separately but related to this
this high level house delegation that's
that that that's in that's in Beijing I
believe.
>> Yeah.
>> What what do we expect there?
>> Well again Lee Chong the premier who met
them upon arrival essentially at the
great hall of the people. So that's a
good sign that the the number two guy
met this house high level house uh
delegation uh led by a Democrat by the
way former House Armed Services
Committee Chair Adam Smith. Uh Lie Chong
described this meeting and trip as an
icebreaking trip that could further
ties. Uh Smith, he echoed that sentiment
uh essentially saying the two countries
need to find ways to peacefully coexist.
So it's pleasantries right now, but you
can tell that there are difficulties
ahead and difficulties behind um the
strained relations. No doubt. We
>> we heard about APEC possible meeting
there. What about a Beijing summit?
Well, Donald Trump is saying he'll
probably make a trip to China in the
first part of 2026. So, I think that's
probably a good idea. It seems pretty
rushed to have a to to shoehorn a trip
into China in between Azan meeting,
which is going to be in Malaysia,
followed shortly thereafter by APEC in
Korea, and then shoehorn some sort of
state visit to mainland China. Might be
a little bit of a tight timeline. So,
give it a little bit more time, a few
more icebreaking trips, uh, phone calls
and meetings. Uh, and then I I really
don't think the deliverables are there
yet for either side. So, you want to
have deliverables. If he's going all the
way to China, what's he going to get out
of that? What is Xiinping going to get
out of that?
>> It's a long flight, too.
>> Uh, Steve, thank you so much. Stephen
Angel, our chief North Asia
correspondent there. Right for a look at
how the trading day is shaping up this
Monday as we look ahead to the week.
Lots of big events. Of course, Ivon was
just mentioning how many Fed officials
are
>> I believe it was 18, including Jay
Powell
>> tomorrow, I believe. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Well, next few days. Yeah.
Oh, Powell is tomorrow. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Po's tomorrow. Tuesday. Uh Mark
Cranfield is with us out of our M5 team.
Mark, um I didn't even know there were
18 speakers, at least 18 people who
could actually be of of material
consequence as far as the Fed
conversation goes. That's banter, of
course. But yes, apart from the Fed,
what else what what else should we be
paying attention to today?
Well, the the Fed speakers may have been
preempted already by Steven Mirren over
the weekend. He was saying that he fully
endorses rate cuts for the for the rest
of the year and into into early next
year. So, that may well set the tone for
for whatever Fed speakers have to say
this week. I think there was always a
risk. I think investors always saw the
possibility that the once the Fed
speakers get back in action this week
that they would actually be a bit more
dovish than it appeared last week. the
the Fed statement initially was taken as
being not fulfilling some of the
expectations that investors had going
into that meeting and and I suspect
they're actually going to sound more
enthusiastic about lowering interest
rates than they may have done. So all in
all it's probably going to be seen as a
good thing for financial markets
particularly for equities um when they
do start speaking this week. Um, aside
from that,
>> of course,
>> sorry, Von,
>> go ahead.
>> So, I mean, aside from that, you've got
a couple of Treasury auctions as well
coming up into this. The yields yields
backed up a little bit last week. So,
the auction shouldn't be too difficult
to to get through. So, that will
probably help the the mood as well.
Overall, I mean, coming up towards the
end of the quarter, and people will
probably want to retain most of the
portfolios they have. So it would need
some big shocks to really derail markets
too much this week.
>> Um there there's a lot of talk about
this kind of reversal in the dollar
after that Fed meeting.
>> How should we look at that right now?
>> I think that that's tied to we saw a
slight uptick in Treasury yields over
the past couple of days. Um that
probably will play out once the auctions
are through this week. We'll probably
see yields start to to dip again. Uh and
don't forget you've also got this
dynamic with the Bank of Japan as well.
though not it's not as if the Bank of
Japan is going to start on a whole
series of interest rate hikes but they
made it reasonably clear as clear as the
Bank of Japan can um last week that the
a rate hike is a strong possibility for
the October meeting and but Governor WA
didn't do anything in the press
conference on Friday afternoon to dial
back on that. So certainly people will
be expecting that the LDP LDP leadership
race is up and running now. Both of the
candid main candidates have have stepped
away from trying to talk about monetary
policy. That's a good thing as well from
the Bank of Japan's point of view. So
everything is pointing towards the fact
that Japan is going to get an interest
rate hike. Traders starting to price for
that and that will be at the margin
that's that's supportive of the yen. So
once we get past um these Treasury
auctions, we'll probably see the dollar
start to dipate. In today's uh PBOC
auction for the yuan as well, they set
the yuan stronger than they was expected
really when you consider that since
Friday's um fixing the the dollar has
risen slightly, but there was no
recognition of that at all from the PBOC
in today's fix which shows that they
still committed to having a strong
stable yuan in the near term.
>> Mark, thank you Markline strategist on
kickstarting the week for us here as
well. Still ahead on the China show,
Deote's going to be joining us to dig
into private equity trends here in the
AP pack region and the rise of sovereign
wealth funds as the dominant players.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
One of our top stories here this
morning, President Trump says China's
leader has given his blessing to the
sale of Tik Tok's US operations to
American investors. And following their
call on Friday, we talk about how nuance
sort of that sort of statement is right
now according to the Chinese side. Our
next guest says it's state oversight
like this rather than tariffs that is
now shaping private equity decisions.
>> Yeah. Joining us here in set is Sam
Padet, of course, head of private equity
origination at Deote Asia Pacific.
They've now released this new report on
transformational M&A from an analysis of
course of well over get this 2000 major
deal since 2015. Sam of course is here
awake after that review of 2000 deals is
here with us. Nice to see you. Um we'll
talk about the takeaways of the report
in a moment but I just want to start up
with how we just frame the conversation
right now. Right. So tariffs were a
problem. people have decided to get on
with their lives, but it's now
intervention. You know, Intel, Tik Tok,
that's now we need to be thinking about
this in a more serious way. What what do
you mean by that?
>> Absolutely. I think when the tariffs
came back in April, everyone kind of put
down their pen, said, "Okay, we can't
transact right now. We we don't know
what the operating environment is like."
And I think we've all as M&A
practitioners started using tariffs as
shorthand as to why the market was slow.
Um, but I don't think that works
anymore, right? Tariffs are just
numbers. You can do the arithmetic. if
the tariffs higher, the value goes down.
I think what we're seeing is it's this
broader government intervention that
we're seeing and and kind of regulatory
oversight that's actually dampening the
deal market. Um and so as you say, you
can look at Tik Tok, you can look at the
Panama Canal. Um you know, these deals
are getting negotiated with governments.
Uh and then with governments coming in,
even look at, you know, Apple operating
in Indonesia. You know, they're being
asked to pay if they don't do enough
production in Indonesia. So I think it's
that uncertainty that's actually pulling
back on deals more so than the tariffs
themselves.
>> Right. But people don't get paid until
they pull the trigger on these deals,
right? So what what has picked up
recently? Just have us help us
understand what has picked up and maybe
what uncertainty still remains in the
table.
>> Yeah. Well, the thing is all that
uncertainty is still there, but I think
what's happened is professionals now
realize it's not going away and we
simply need to transact in this
environment. uh and so actually if you
look there has been good momentum coming
kind of over the last couple of months
as far as deal activity even in the
first half if you look at Japan I think
23 32 billion of transactions so that
was up almost three times on what it was
the year prior um so transactions are
taking place it's just they're taking
place with this kind of understanding
that it's a less uncertain environment
>> Japan has been busy Korea has been busy
too has what's what's been happening in
both those markets
>> so so Korea has been busy but I would
say over the first quarter first to
second quarter order it was actually a
bit slower because of domestic politics,
right? They were waiting for the
elections to get settled there and see
where things would pan out.
>> Um but that being said, I think Korea,
Japan, India as well have all benefited
a bit from this pivot away from China
that you've seen um for for some of the
US dollar, you know, investors.
>> What is sort of the thinking behind any
sort of M&A? Now, you mentioned the
government sort of intervention theme.
The old playbook used to be buy get
bigger and that certainly is a success
story. Is that still this the same sort
of thinking and playbook now for a lot
of
>> so this is exactly what our
transformational M&A report is about
because that old playbook just doesn't
work anymore uh and it's not just the
uncertainty in the geopolitics it's also
you know technology and AI right there's
massive disruption coming in the future
for a lot of companies and so the idea
of just buying getting bigger than
pulling out synergies it's not really
how you need to think about M&A anymore
right it's much more of a tactical
long-term manystep process you know I I
think a good example would be unilver
and its pivot towards the wellness
business. You know, not only are they
building out a portfolio through lots of
small transactions, acquiring in that
space, they're also rebalancing their
existing portfolio, getting out of the
ice cream business, which is a more
mature, slower growth. Um, even looking
at partnering with PE, they looked at
selling to PE, but ultimately have now
pivoted towards IPOing that business.
Uh, but I think that reflects the kind
of multifaceted strategy that you need
now when you go after M&A.
>> I mean, it brings to mind the the
formula of success in the Chinese
markets, right? you know buy wait for it
to hatch it's going to grow because
growth was there and just an example I
can think of is the Starbucks conundrum
that they have for one of their assets
in China right
talk to us about that how do companies
now have to adjust that that that
strategy and just using the Starbucks as
an example of course and what kind of
options do these guys have now
>> and Starbucks is a great example um of
you know activity in the market right
it's a hotly contested asset now in the
final rounds with a lot of private
equity biders looking at it you part of
the Reason for that is if you look back
at McDonald's China and the success that
they had, right? McDonald's carved out
their China business to Trust Star,
formerly Lisa Capital and Carlile um
they implemented some changes. They kind
of localized the menu, put in place some
digitization and ultimately Carile sold
the steak back to CH to to McDonald's,
right? So this is a a way of a corporate
kind of utilizing PE to help kind of
turbocharge growth in their portfolio.
And you could see something similar
potentially taking place with Starbucks.
And it speaks to the size and scale of
the the Chinese market that you can't
just overlook it, right? Even though
there's been a pullback from private
equity investment over the last few
years, uh I see them all finding their
way back in simply because of the scale
of that market. It's just now you're
being, I think, more precise about where
you're investing. You know, trying to
get into consumer assets with less tie
into global trade, um where maybe
there's more that you can do locally.
Um, so that's why you're seeing a lot of
interest there.
>> A lot of it has to do with the
competition that they're seeing locally
too for many multinationals in China.
I'm just wondering given these price
wars that we're seeing multiple facets
of of of society and also in different
sectors. It seems like it's almost a
race to the bottom. Have you seen a lot
more consolidation or the need for M&A
in China specifically given this whole
anti-evolution theme?
>> There certainly is a need. In fact, if
you look, S&P put out in September a
kind of a AP pack M&A confidence index.
China was at 85%. Uh the only higher
market in in Asia was Japan at 95%. So
there's certainly this feeling that
there is a need for for M&A activity and
consolidation in China. Also, I think
what we're seeing is the the valuation
gap. You know, we're starting to see eye
to eye on valuation. China is probably
one of the most affordable markets right
now because of the the lack of activity
over the last couple of years. And so I
think that's also very appealing. Just
this morning I think we saw an
announcement for SML, the RFID company,
uh being sold to a PE consortium in
China. Um so I think some very positive
signs for more activity in China coming.
>> What's the update on the China plus one
strategy? Whether that's on the supply
chain or whether that's these PE firms
coming in carving out their sort of
China arms separately.
>> Yeah, China plus one kind of started a
few years ago, right? uh and and this is
one place where I feel like Asia in
particular China is kind of ahead of the
curve as it relates to the current
uncertainty and and the dynamics with
the US because this China plus one
strategy kind of thinking about your
geographic footprint it started years
ago um and so now globally a lot of
people are having to deal with stroke a
pen risk you know will Trump change
things overnight well investors in this
part of the world have kind of been
thinking about that for years um now
yeah how does that work I mean China
plus one a lot of people were making
factories in Canada or Mexico thinking
that would help them get away from a
pivot away from China. But now look at
NAFTA, right? It's also getting
questioned. Um and so in some ways I
feel like the rest of the world the
uncertainty level has really just risen
to what it already was here and in China
which almost levels the playing field um
for for everyone globally.
>> Just a quick note on exits because the
IPO market has been exceptional this
year in Hong Kong. Is that does that
bode well or is that is that a not a
blessing in disguise?
>> I I think it certainly bodess well. I
think a lot of that activity has been
off on shore moving offshore. Um and and
as it relates to kind of the private
equity world and and the dollar funds I
deal with, you know, the better exit was
always going off to the US, right?
Getting a NASDAQ list thing, which is
still I think more difficult for for
peas here. Um so it's always good to
have a strong market. Uh but I don't
know that that's the most important
factor.
>> All right, Sam. Uh let's lots more to
talk about next time.
>> Sam Patchet there, of course, head of
private equity origination at Deote Asia
Pacific. Plenty more ahead here on the
China Show.
[Music]
All right, let's talk a little bit more
about VCs and the like and clean tech.
So, back in July, you're seeing this
photo, right? There was a group of
venture capitalists focused on clean
technology uh made a trip to China,
right? This whole road trip they talked
about and the result was quite alarming.
the assessment for companies in the US
and Europe. They actually think Chinese
players are so far ahead that their
Western counterparts are now
uninvestable.
>> Yeah. Let's bring in our Asia ESG and
climate reporter Ishika Mukerji who
joins us right now to talk this. So, you
know, there's this group of eight
venture capitalists. Uh Ishika, tell us
about the road trip and what they found
out.
>> Yeah, absolutely. It's quite an
interesting trip. Uh in July, eight
venture capitalists went around China,
visited uh Ningday for example.
contemporary Ampere X's operations. They
looked at Marvel tech gas turbines. The
whole idea was to show them what China's
really doing. And the takeaways from it
was simple that uh in things such as
solar and wind hardware or electrolyers
or battery manufacturing and recycling.
China is a clear leader. So there's no
point investing in European companies or
American companies looking to compete
because China is just doing it so well
and at such affordable prices that the
any competition will be priced out. It
was also eye opening for them because um
there's been a lot of negative press of
course and a lot of narrative out there
about China's soy economy. So for for
these VCs when they went on shore and
actually saw what is happening they were
pleasantly surprised and they realized
that China is a leader in renewable
technologies uh for a reason and that
they're actually exporting it out to the
rest of the world especially
increasingly now to the global south
because of tariff quaries in the US and
Europe um and they're figuring out you
know revenue sources from alternate
countries.
Yeah, it's interesting right just how
big of a gap that they saw and they even
said everyone needs to make a trip like
this Ishika um what's then the outlook
for some of these renewable related
stocks in China then
>> I mean what China's done is really
driven down prices for a lot of these
technologies especially solar and um
what they've done to help the industry
is subsidies but unfortunately for for a
lot of players they've now uh removed
these feed and tariffs so the there was
this floor on renewable our uh prices
that has gone now which will mean that
some companies will do really well the
market leaders potentially will do
really well while others will fall by
the wayside so that's a concern for
investors because China is a very real
economy focused government rather than
financial market focused government so
over capacity
>> removing tariffs all this is bad news
for many companies in the supply chain
>> is our Asia ESG and climate reporter in
Singapore for us you can check out that
full piece of course it's on on the
Bloomberg terminal today. Among many
things, of course, we're looking at
Samsung. We'll tell you why in a moment
in case you missed that. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets at
lunch break. And we actually are seeing
a pretty decent rally there on the
Nicke25. were up one and a half% and of
course this is after post BOJ where they
did signal maybe one step towards
normalizing policy when it came to ETFs
and J rates the like here but yeah
you're starting to see still some
weakness in the yen but we are seeing
that leadership race within the LDV
kickoff this week
>> yeah certainly a big topic of discussion
with Averil who's in town there of
course with shares among the many things
apart from the week Japanese yen u let's
flip the page please as we go into the
lunch break and they're probably off to
lunch as Well, uh, those two, uh, let's
have a look at where we are. Asia
Pacific, a lot of this is really down to
Japan, also down to what's happening in
Korea. Asia tech index, first row,
leftmost side, one and a half%. That's a
Samsung story mostly, not all, of
course, lifting that specific benchmark.
The other thing too is the uh the uh
macro overlay that Ivonne pointed out
early on, right? Is this a comeback of
the dollar? Is this simply repositioning
after the Fed? We are up now four days
on the Bloomberg dollar index. We're
back to 1,200 on that specific
benchmark. Perhaps why we are largely
rangebound across the region here.
>> Yeah, maybe following the move in
Treasury yields that we saw after that
Fed meeting, that might be why we're
seeing that bit of a reversal in the
green back here as well. Uh let's get to
to really what's going on in India right
now. So, senior executives of JP Morgan
and Global Seauite executives and policy
makers are gathering in Mumbai for the
bank's India conference and our very own
Medicosi is at the event to begin our
exclusive coverage and she's standing by
with our next guest. Medica.
>> Well, good morning to all of you. I have
with me here Sh Lena. He's the Apac CEO
and head of banking at JP Morgan. uh and
we're here to hear about their view on
India given what a tumultuous year it
has been for this country but short
before I get to India uh it's been a
difficult year for the global economy
thanks to all the trade and tariff
conversations across the world uh quick
response on you know what you think 2026
is looking like for the world for Asia
and for India
>> pleasure to be here and happy Navaratri
>> thank you very much happy Navaratri to
you as well
>> um well it It's in my view one of the
most complex set of circumstances that
the world is is tackling you know the
geopolitics are obviously shifting uh
also a lot of domestic politics quite
quick shift between governments so it
change it creates a lot of uh extra
uncertainty but I have to say the market
has sort of shrug it off if you look at
where the valuations are in the US in in
Asia it u it actually uh has kind of
gotten used to the volatility and I
think also it's this all this volatility
kind of focused governments on what
they're good at and what they need to
improve. So I think it's kind of created
a level of certainness and activity in
governments that is uh that could be
very very positive for business.
>> Great. Um it's been particularly
difficult for India. We've been at the
receiving end of some of the highest
tariffs from the US government. Uh and
then there have been geopolitical
concerns as well. Has that changed the
momentum of growth for your business in
India or your expansion plans in any
significant way?
>> Well, I'd actually say that um India is
a bright spot. Uh and sure it has its
share of issues, the the tariffs, now
the visa H1B visa issues, but overall it
has a strong hand to play. You know, it
has a lot of domestic growth. it's not
that reliant on the global export only
11%. Uh and a lot less even to the US.
So overall I think um and then also all
the actions that the government's taking
you know we've had now 11 years of
consistent leadership another four ahead
of us or more. So I think actually uh
India has a strong hand to play and I
I'm kind of we're confident it will get
through this. Um but you're right to say
the expectation was different initially
and it's sort of gone a little different
than we'd hope but I think it will land
in a good place and then the underlying
fundamentals of India are amazing. Are
they you know because of the sort of the
unexpected events of this year do you
feel that it's impacted your business in
any significant fashion
>> and you have uh yeah I think you would
have thought that that would have
dampened uh activity but you look at the
markets uh you look at the equity
markets in Asia they have been very
strong about 45% of all the uh equity
issuance globally has come from Asia um
so the optimism actually to my earlier
point I I think the it stimulated
governments and companies to take action
and reposition themselves maybe change
the manufacturing footprint look for
different end markets. So while we were
a little uh cautious at the beginning of
the year the activity for example in
investment banking has been highly
active.
>> All right. Uh you mentioned H1B visas.
We've just been through all the drama
through the weekend. How is this going
to impact JP Morgan's recruitment of
those who hold H-1B visas in the US? No,
I think that's too early to say. We we
we've obviously just heard the news. I I
think what was helpful was that the
government clarified it does not seem to
apply to existing H-1B visa holders. So,
that's at least a great uh plus. Uh but
if uh the the companies in America
continue to hire as many uh students or
workers as they did before, it will be
about a 14 billion essentially tax to uh
companies. and that will affect US
companies will also affect Indian
companies that employ a lot of people in
the US. So, but I think we'll have to
see how it plays out over the next
months. Uh but yeah, obviously we're all
trying to get the facts and uh and then
but we're giving our our employees the
comfort that you know we're going to
continue to support them in their roles.
Do you expect that uh you know because
of this $14 billion tax there will be a
boost to offshoring uh especially to
countries like India which have large
global capability centers yours being
one of the largest with more than 55,000
Indians. So will JP Morgan be moving
more jobs to your GCC here?
>> Yeah. Well that's a very good question
and uh and if it was it would be a shame
because it obviously has been a great
source of opportunity for Indian
students. You know India produces 2.8
eight million STEM students every year
and they've gone all over the world
including the US. So you know my hope
would be that that continues but how
companies are going to respond to that I
think we'll have to play out over the
next uh months and years
>> but no insights on whether it will mean
>> no it's just too quick really to uh to
have any clue any guidance on that.
>> Okay. Broadly speaking are you on track
with the expansion plans announced for
your GCC last year? um or have you seen
because of all of these trade and tariff
issues any shift or change in that?
>> Well, the global corporate centers
continue to be an enormous source of
strength for Jmore. You know, we have
about 55,000 people here and they're an
integral part of the tech and operations
organization and that's gradually grown
year on year. So, we continue to really
benefit from the talent that that India
provides.
>> All right. In India, you're in corporate
banking, investment banking, you have a
gift city branch. uh you know in the
last few years you've announced
mid-market uh loans or mid-co company
loans as well as starter businesses.
Which of these segments is growing the
fastest?
>> All of them do. I think the equity
markets are are really very active. So
that's been a boost to our equities
business and our and our custody
business. But overall the corporate
sector more broadly in Asia is is a real
bright spot. I mean there's like 27,000
listed companies. There's I think 5,000
in India. Last year we had 350 IPOs uh
in India alone. So the corporate sector
is really developing fast and a lot of
these companies are operating quite
globally. uh so we're banking a lot more
of them in India and around uh APEC they
need these crossber services whether
it's payments uh whether it is uh
advisory M&A um and it has all kinds of
follow-on effects around uh sponsor
activity uh when companies sort of
optimize their business it creates
opportunities for sponsors so I would
say that the corporate sector broadly
speaking is the real bright spot and
that will drive a lot of our businesses
>> we haven't seen a big pickup in
corporate investments in India as yet
because of all of these factors as well
as you know some confusion around the
consumption pickup. How is that telling
on your businesses?
>> Well, I do think the the the rewiring of
people's business given what's going on
in global basically making it more
robust to some of these changes actually
is leading to a lot of activity. So we
do see a good amount of crossber M&A. Um
we do see people you know moving the
manufacturing side. So I actually think
that uh even though the uncertainty is
there, it does make people think about
their business model and and change it.
>> Is the wealth business looking very
interesting to you? I mean that has been
one big booming area in India. We've
seen a lot of foreign banks add to teams
here in India uh and focus on that
aspect is business the wealth business.
>> The wealth business.
>> Yes.
>> Well certainly the asset management
business seems to be really uh booming.
I think there's a next sort of gen in
India that has a has more income uh and
more ability to save. So I think the the
previous generation put a lot of his
money maybe on deposit because it didn't
have as much but this generation is
really focused on investing and I think
the asset management industry has done a
good job at providing the products uh
and that's why you see a major shift in
the equity markets. We we used to you
know really lead with foreign investors
and now it's the local asset managers
that are dominating uh the space. Are
you adding to your wealth management
teams here in India or your asset
management teams here in India? Can you
give us a sense because I think last
year when we spoke to your predecessor
uh he said that you know there were
plans to add significantly uh to the
India headcount.
>> Well there's different things I mean the
the wealth management business we're
investing heavily uh and we largely run
that from Hong Kong and Singapore but
that continues to be a great area of
investment. Uh in India we're focusing
more on the corporate institutional uh
segments. Uh so the the areas you
mentioned corporate bank, investment
banking, custody, the likes
>> and no big headcount changes in the last
year.
>> Well, we added 20% over the last two
years. Uh I think the corporate space
will add at least 10% this year. So I
mean JP Morgan is is always a very
steady hand. We invest year in year out.
We don't change course if the market is
up or down. Uh so I think before you
know it will, you know, this business
will will double over the years. So and
that also comes with more headcount. So,
I'm excited about that.
>> All right. Sure. Thank you so much for
your time here and all the best with the
conference today and tomorrow.
>> Thank you very much.
>> With that, it's back to you in the
studio.
>> Right. Manica, fantastic there. Of
course, lots more to come there. In
fact, we'll have more coming up through
uh out of JP Morgan's India conference.
There we go. Speaking exclusively to
banks head of M&A, so stay tuned for
that conversation coming up. It's coming
up at those times in the next hour here
of Bloomberg television. We have some
breaking news to tell you about.
>> Yes. CCTV has been reporting just the
last 20 minutes or so of when it comes
to the steel sector. So, China to
prohibit new production capacity in the
steel sector and they're issuing this
work plan for the industry of course for
the next year. So, that's why
potentially why you're seeing a little
bit of a pop when it comes to steel
prices here this morning. Iron ore we're
watching very closely as well.
>> Yep. There we go. perhaps more meat on
the bones as it pertains to this anti-
uh involution and supply side reforms uh
on your screens cash markets and of
course others as well uh in the equity
complex there. Okay. Um let's get back
to India. The commerce and industry
minister set to visit the US on Monday
in the hope of getting what he calls a
mutually uh beneficial trade deal and it
certainly comes as the White House slaps
his 100,000 fee on H1B visa application.
and certainly a move that is set to test
relations with with New Delhi. Let's
bring in Shui Shri Vastava, our India
trade and economy reporter to talk us
through this. Shui, thanks for coming. I
mean th this trip got suddenly got
slightly more complicated. What have we
heard uh from India as far as the H-1B
visa is concerned specifically?
Certainly this complicates the excuse me
this certainly complicates the uh
negotiations which India and the US are
having. Uh so far the government has
been very cautious in its uh you know uh
its remarks on this. The ministry of
external affairs has said that the the
government is analyzing the impact of
H1B visa uh measure and it did say that
it's going to have humanitarian
consequences for families of people who
are employed there and it it hopes that
the government of US will take all due
measures and care to ensure uh there is
a smooth transition but uh there is no
further remark from the government on
that and the the various departments are
doing analysis of how exactly H1B
measures provide the Trump
administration will impact Indian uh
nationals working in the US.
>> Yeah. And as we show in this chart,
right, the number of employees that have
H1Bs,
I mean number one in the country is
India. Number two company is TATA
consultancy. So what's at stake here?
How might this affect US India ties?
>> Definitely India has been one of the
largest beneficiary of H1B visa. uh the
US data shows that some 72.3% of H-1B
visas were uh were given to the Indian
nationals. So definitely it's a crucial
sector for India. How it's going to
impact the ties between India and the US
is hard to say at this point. Uh the
talks between India and the US resumed
only recently. Last week we saw a trade
delegation by the US from the US in
India. There was a dayong talk uh and
the team was led by the US chief
negotiator. uh now uh the Indian uh
Indian commerce minister is traveling to
to Washington to hold to talk take those
talks forward. So definitely uh you know
it's it's going to be an issue for sure.
But how will it impact how will it
further complicate the already tense
ties between the India and US uh is
difficult to say at this point of time.
Uh let's keep uh in mind that uh the
talks between India and the US resumed
after weeks of tensions following
Trump's relentless pressure uh on India
for buying Russian oil and India's high
tariffs. Now that the talks of uh talks
have resumed and there is there are
signs of thaw. Uh Indian side is hoping
that there will be there would soon be a
mutually beneficial trade deal but we
still can't say the pace of negotiation
right now. Uh things are a bit of a
disarray.
>> Shuty. Thank you. Shut shiva Saba there
joining us from New Delhi. Coming up
we're going to talk a little bit more
about Arturx here. The Chinese outdoor
gear maker under fire on social media
and from the government over a fireworks
display in Tibet. We have the details
coming up next. This is Boomberg.
[Music]
All right, time for trending in China.
Look at what's making headlines in
national newspapers and sparking contra
conversation on social media. Uh let's
start with this editorial uh uh in the
English edition of the Global Times
which is published after the phone call
between President Xi and Trump. Now the
piece frames a call in largely positive
terms and describing it as pragmatic and
constructive. It highlights an
opportunity to turn political will into
concrete action. They say calling on the
US to quote work with China to jointly
propel these two giant ships forward
through the storms and waves. Very
poetic.
>> Okay. Uh let's take it now to the skies.
And this next story we're about to get
into is this hot topic across Chinese
social media right now. Um and you might
have seen the video. So Chinese
authorities have launched this
investigation after a fireworks show uh
in Tibet sponsored by an ant owned
outdoor gear maker or owned by its
partner company out of out of ant there
of course sparking this backlash. Here
are some images in fact from the
official account of the Beijing Daily.
out. It's certainly not just sparked
controversy and backlash and the
company's also now said it will uh well
it's apologized and it will do some
reviews of this. It's also sparked uh
quite a big move in the stock which was
down as much as 5% at one point uh and
some analysts have now come out and
underscored potential implications on
revenue but some analysts are saying you
know it might be limited to only that
specific unit.
>> Yeah. So basically the Artex teamed up
with this pyrochnics artist, right? Uh
Taiwan on this whole project. So it's
called rising dragon, right? But I think
the environmental impacts is what people
are are most angry about. Um some also
expressed their intention to boycott
when it comes to arch products as well.
So certainly that leads to is there sort
of any earnings impact to all this as
well? And I think some analysts have
started to say maybe there is. in terms
of what people are saying on social
media, you know, obviously they're
they're fired up, right? They're they're
sabotaging and paying tribute to the
mountain at the same time. Uh also, when
it comes to this is utter destruction of
nature. Everyone knows how hard it is
for these vegetation and animals to
survive on the plateau. And someone
said, "I am never buying arts anymore."
So, yes, um certainly sparking a lot of
controversy. Yeah, I think um our
Katherine Lim out of Blumer Intelligence
now thinks that if well a lot of
conditions here, right? So, Ant may miss
the second half in 2026 pre-tax
consensus by 6%.
>> If the earnings drop as a result of the
fireworks, okay, that's a big if. That's
a big if there
>> and in terms of how long it's going to
take to restore consumer confidence in
China, right? She she's looking at
previous cases like Nike, like Adidas
and how long it took for them to really
recover from the controversy when it
comes to Shing Jang Cotton.
>> You know, it took they said about a
year. So that's something that we can
gauge on just how long it really does
take to for this erosion of trust to
kind of recover a bit.
>> City though is taking the more I think
optimistic approach here. So what
they're actually saying is that in terms
of the direct impact on ANSA itself
because they have separate outdoor
brands. Yeah.
>> And negative publicity has so far been
limited of course the one associated
arch which what's the controversy of
course there. Yep.
>> But yeah.
>> Okay. Pretty interesting one to talk
about here on this Monday morning. We're
also talking a little bit more about the
tech space. Um particularly when it
comes to quai. So we certainly saw the
stock react earlier this morning after
it received a warning from regulators in
China alongside rival social media
platform Weel. Now, this follows a
similar move a couple of weeks ago
against Xiao Hong Shu, known in English
as Redo. Let's bring in our Asia tech
correspondent Annabelle Jewelers on on
what the details are behind these
violations or or what they're flagging.
>> Yes. So, they're flagging essentially
when it comes how it comes to content
moderation. So, just sort of to give
some perspective, Waybo's often likened
to China's Twitter. Quasher is sort of
seen as a Tik Tok alternative, but
basically these are platforms where
people are sharing content whether
that's posts, videos, etc., etc. And the
concern that regulators seem to have is
exactly how that content is being
displayed, what's being given priority
to what stories over others. And and so
the regulators are referring to here is
it's the CAC or the Cyber Security
Administration of China, which is
essentially China's internet regulator.
So what that body wants in general is
for content to be strictly controlled.
Uh, you know, anything too subversive or
or vulgar or overly sexualized that is
completely out. Uh but where Quao and
Waybo seem to have overstepped is is
what the regulators say is showing too
much so-called celebrity gossip or
trivial personal updates, other harmful
content. And so now they're being called
in for interviews. Uh they need to make
corrections. They need to carry out
disciplinary action as well.
>> Yeah. So I guess the question is is
there are these specific to what those
companies are doing or is this more a it
could become a sector problem?
>> Yeah. That is sort of the big question
as well because I think it's
interesting. We saw Xiaung Shu as you
said in the introduction. They also face
this sort of disciplinary action just a
couple of weeks back. So is this
something that's a bit more sectorwide.
Uh our Bloomberg intelligence team says
no. We're not really at the outset of
any major sort of crackdown right now
and actually we had a note out from city
earlier this morning as well uh saying
they also see the impact on this
specific action from the CAC as being
relatively limited in in terms of
operation and financials. But what is
interesting for Quao in particular is
that they faced action from two
regulators in just a really short space
of time. So on Friday, the market
regulators in China also open an
investigation or announce an
investigation into a subsidiary unit of
Quaiou and how they're using social
media uh to potentially violate
e-commerce rules. And that's the bigger
unknown for City is is that secondary
investigation that was launched on
Friday. So, they've actually added a
down a downside short-term view for the
next 30 days, but overall, I mean,
they're still optimistic on the stock.
They got the buy rating price target of
88 Hong Kong dollars there. So, you can
see still further upside potential. And
actually, if you take a look at Quao's
performance year to date, it's done
extremely well and that comes down to
also their cling AI app and and the
optimism around AI in particular for the
company.
>> Yeah, perfect timing to come and come up
with that news that we saw with the AI
upgrade as well, but so maybe that's why
it's offsetting some of the initial
moves for the stock already this
morning. Annabelle, thank you. Our Asia
tech correspondent Annabelle jeweler is
there. We got more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
>> All right. Get used to this word raasa.
Um my my producers are telling me I have
to say it in in a way that
>> roll over
>> the Tagalog way, right? Rapid and fast
motion.
>> Uh might be the perfect sort of name for
this typhoon and super typhoon that's
heading our way. Of course talked about
hitting Philippines hitting southern
China
>> pretty soon.
>> We'll feel it uh according to weather
authorities from tomorrow where the
weather will deteriorate fairly rapidly
and of course Wednesday is going to be
quite substantial.
Um, and hopefully that and hopefully
they're wrong when it comes to that, but
it does certainly seem to suggest that
this one is going to be headed our way,
cause substantial damage.
>> I mean, they're they're saying what wind
speeds of 200 plus kilometers um per
hour.
>> Uh certainly something that does make
you think you got to stock up. You got
to stay at home and stay dry. That's it
for us here on the China show. Insight
with Helen Amen is next.
[Music]